so welcome plankton in today's October
29th 2012 and today Google has
officially unveiled the Nexus 10 tablet
this is manufactured by Samsung and it
is a ten point zero five inch tablet and
it actually shares a lot in common with
the galaxy tab 2 10.1 if you know what
that is it's basically obviously its
successor to the galaxy tab 10.1 but
what I notice is that as this the same
speaker position design as a galaxy tab
2 10.1 where is the two speakers are on
both the left and right sides of the
tablet however this tablet is much more
curved around the edges so that's just a
bit of design things that I noticed now
let's go into more of the specs two
features and I'll round up the video
with the pricing and stuff like that so
first of all this is going to have an
amazing display it is a super amoled
display and it has a resolution of 2560
by 1600 that means that equates your
pixel density at around three hundred
that's what Google is promising i think
that's they wanted that number they want
to aim for ppi have 300 so that they
could compete with the ipad 3 or ipad 4
with the retina display and this
definitely comes into retina display
territory it's amazing in terms of
battery life it's gonna get around nine
hours of continuous video playback in
500 hours of standby time and the
battery is actually at 9,000 milliamp
hour lithium polymer battery so
basically is standard therefore for
tablets a bit less than that ipad the
ipad is you're getting around 10 hours
of average battery life whereas the
nexus 10 Google's promising around nine
hours of continuous battery time inside
the device is a dual-core CPU to cortex
a15 based 1.7 gigahertz that snap
samsung exynos 5250 cpu so it's a pretty
good processing unit there in terms of a
GPU there's a mal ET 604 which Google's
known for using this type of GPU for
their Nexus devices of course I already
mentioned there's a two stereo speakers
right in the front of the display and
there's two gigabytes of RAM powering it
along with NFC you get your standard
stuff such as Wi-Fi 80 to point B 8.o
2.1 one
BG and n you get bluetooths four point
oh and something interesting with this
device is that you actually get front
and rear NFC which means I you can use
Android Beam from the front or the back
of the device and release beam is
basically when you meet up your to
Android devices compatible with Android
Beam and then they just kind of send
files back and forth from each other
such as pictures small documents really
not really major videos yet I don't
think you can send those files anyways
around the back there's a 5-megapixel
rear-facing camera and a 1.9 megapixel
front facing camera and this whole
tablet is only eight point nine
millimeters thin so that's amazing that
Google's was able to accomplish my with
the 9000 milliamp hour battery and the
amazing display and even the processing
unit is really good as well and it
weighs in just under six hundred and
three grams so it also offers a micro
USB port pogo pin and a micro HDMI which
is amazing that they also decide to
include that that's kind of like a
premium feature that's some tablets
nowadays have most tablets really don't
offer a micro-hdmi port and of course
this one comes with the standard 3.5
millimeter headphone jack so in terms of
pricing release date availability stuff
adapt it'll be available from November
13th on via the google play store in the
US UK Australia France Germany Spain
canada and japan and the 16 gigabyte
edition will cost 319 and it'll be and
the 32gb version will cost 494 hundred
and ninety-nine dollars so there's that
big of a difference so your standard is
like 399 and then you get the 499 if you
want to upgrade but it'll all be
available on November 13 2012 anyways
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe to play infinite for more
coverage on the Google Nexus 10 tablet i
will be doing a lot more covers on this
tablet as well as future tablets at
Google and wheels including the nexus 7
the nexus 4 which is a smartphone but i
also have coverage of that over my
channel so definitely subscribe to play
infinite if you haven't already and you
if you are if you are an Android fan
definitely subscribe as well and
that's it for this video thank you for
watching